Okay, I'm going to show how I use uh
Warp's coding features to implement a
feature uh in Warp. And this is going to
be a pretty small change, but it should
get the idea across. So, what are we
trying to do? We have a open linear
issue. We want to change the sparkle
icon is this icon right here. We want to
instead of using that, we want to use
the agent icon. So, I'm going to go
ahead and prompt the agent to start
working on that. We'll see how it goes.
Please create a new branch for me uh
according to the format in the attached
linear URL. So, by the way, I just
talked to warp. I find that easier than
doing a lot of typing, especially in a
demo like this. Um, I'm also going to
attach screenshots of what these icons
look like, which I made earlier, so they
know what they are. I've also attached
screenshots of what the agent mode and
sparkle icon look like. I would like you
to understand those icons, search for
their use in the code, and wherever
we're using sparkles, replace them with
agent mode. Specifically, I want to make
sure we do this in the history menu, but
I wouldn't mind if we did it in other
places as well. Please give me a plan
before you actually start making coding
changes. So, I give it a pretty thorough
prompt and I'm going to start it and
we'll see how it does. This looks right.
And let's do this. And yes, consider
function renaming. I'm going to be like,
"Yeah, you should rename it because it's
no longer sparkles." So,
yes, let's proceed. And please give the
function a better name. Something along
the lines of like render the agent mode
icon or render agent mode icon instead
of render AI sparkles icon. Please make
the change. And uh let me know how it
goes.
So, while this is going, I actually
think this is cool. So, we can see the
diffs being generated. I have warp in a
mode where I auto accept the diffs. If I
want to look in and see what the diffs
are, I can see right there it's
rendering uh it's changing the actual
rendering code and it's changing the
name of the function which is what I
want. If you for instance didn't want uh
it to make these changes automatically,
you could always go over to your AI
settings over here and you have controls
over how things are applied. So I have
these as just very permissive because I
really trust the AI at this point. I'm
operating in a like a git a git sandbox
here. Now it's going to keep going. It's
going to find all the other instances.
We can see what it's doing as it goes.
Okay. So now it's made the changes and
it is smart enough to know how to
compile them. So it's running cargo
check. If you want to see the progress
of that, you can just go in and do this.
Okay, it looks like it missed something.
um that happens such as life. As a
person, I sometimes forget to add
imports. So, let's go ahead and see if
it can fix this. Okay, so now it's
compiled. It wants to then run my
presubmit script. I'm not going to have
it do that. Instead, I'm just going to
go ahead and run and see if we've
actually made the change. While it's
doing this, just want to call out this
is working on a codebase that's over a
million lines of Rust code uh with a
totally bespoke uh UX framework. And so
it's uh it's not the easiest task for an
agent to do. It's very impressive that
it's able to do this kind of stuff.
Okay,
there it is. Agent icon.
Pretty cool. I must say it looks good.
So there it is. I uh just to recap, I
had agent mode understand a linear
ticket. I gave it some images to build a
feature. I asked it to do it for me. It
uh came up with a plan. It created a
branch. It made the change for me. Did
the comp like iterate until it compiled
correctly? I could have it continue
going to even make the pull request and
all that, but I think this is a good
place to stop.